# CBE 20255: Homework 02 #
Due: Wed., January 29, 2014

## Problem 1 ##

Automobile airbags are designed to protect occupants in the event of front and side impact crashes. 
The bags are inflated with nitrogen generated by the explosive decomposition of sodium azide. 

2 NaN<sub>3</sub> &rarr; 2 Na + 3 N<sub>2</sub>

Highly reactive sodium would be a hazard at a crash site. A clever piece of chemical engineering is to add potassium nitrate (KNO<sub>3</sub>) and silica (SiO<sub>2</sub>) to the airbag which react with Na though the following balanced reactions

10 Na + 2 KNO<sub>3</sub> &rarr; K<sub>2</sub>O + 5 Na<sub>2</sub>O + N<sub>2</sub>

K<sub>2</sub>O + 5 Na<sub>2</sub>O + SiO<sub>2</sub> &rarr; Glass

With proper design of the initial charge, one can avoid the net production of sodium with the added benefit of generating further nitrogen. 

(a) Perform a generation consumption analysis to determine a process stoichiometry that avoids the net production of Na, Na<sub>2</sub>O, or K<sub>2</sub>O. Show your work, including the stoichiometric matrix and the final net stoichiometry.

(b) 98 grams of N<sub>2</sub> are needed to fill a typical airbag. Specify (in grams) the required amount of sodium azide, potassium nitrate, and silica to be loaded into the airbag.

## Problem 2 ##

Murphy, Problem P1.28.

## Problem 3 ##

 Murphy, Problem P1.30. 

## Problem 4 ##

 Murphy, Problem P1.42. This is an involved problem that will take time to complete, so get an early start. For this problem (and this problem only) feel free to work with a partner. If you do, you should both submit solutions (even if identical), and indicate who you worked with.







