README.md, before:

<script type="text/javascript" src="http://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=default"></script>

CBE20255
========

## IPython Notebooks ##
These IPython notebooks can be downloaded individually. Click on the link to open the notebook in `nbviewer`, then click on the download button to save on your computer.

### 0. Getting Started ###
* [Getting Started with IPython](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Getting%20Started%20with%20IPython.ipynb)

### 1. Stoichiometry ###
* [Balancing Reactions](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Balancing%20Reactions.ipynb)
* [Generation/Consumption Analysis for the Production of Ammonia](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Generation%20Consumption%20Analysis%20for%20Ammonia.ipynb)

### 2. Process Flows and Balances ###
* [Global CO<sub>2</sub> Budget](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Global%20CO2%20Budget.ipynb)

### 3. Material Balances ###
* [Solving Set of Linear Equations](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Solving%20Set%20of%20Linear%20Equations.ipynb)
* [Solving Material Balances using SymPy](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Solving%20Material%20Balances%20using%20SymPy.ipynb)

### 4. Reactors ###
* [Steam Reforming of Methane](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Steam%20Reforming%20of%20Methane.ipynb)

### 5. Separations ###
* [Vapor-Liquid Equilibrium for Pure Components](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Vapor-Liquid%20Equilibrium%20for%20a%20Pure%20Component.ipynb)
* [Raoult's Law](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Raoult's%20Law.ipynb)

### 6. Energy Balances ###
* [Adiabatic Flame Temperature](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Adiabatic%20Flame%20Temperature.ipynb)

### 7. Projects ###
* [West Virginia Chemical Spill](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/West%20Virginia%20Chemical%20Spill.ipynb)

## Matlab Functions and Scripts ##
These Matlab files can be downloaded individually. Click on the filename to show the Matlab file in the browser, then `Save As..` in the browser File menu to save on your computer.

| m-file| Description |
| :---: | :--- |  
| [`molweight.m`](https://raw.github.com/jckantor/CBE20255/master/matlab/molweight.m) | Given a string representing a chemical formula, calculate the molecular weight of a species.|  
| [`displaytable.m`](https://raw.github.com/jckantor/CBE20255/master/matlab/displaytable.m) | Format a matrix as a table with optional row and column labels, and optional export to plain text, latex, html, or csv output. Used to format output from many of the example scripts.|

Commit message:

update readme to include the adipic acid flowsheet example.

README.md, after:

<script type="text/javascript" src="http://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=default"></script>

CBE20255
========

## IPython Notebooks ##
These IPython notebooks can be downloaded individually. Click on the link to open the notebook in `nbviewer`, then click on the download button to save on your computer.

### 0. Getting Started ###
* [Getting Started with IPython](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Getting%20Started%20with%20IPython.ipynb)

### 1. Stoichiometry ###
* [Balancing Reactions](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Balancing%20Reactions.ipynb)
* [Generation/Consumption Analysis for the Production of Ammonia](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Generation%20Consumption%20Analysis%20for%20Ammonia.ipynb)

### 2. Process Flows and Balances ###
* [Global CO<sub>2</sub> Budget](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Global%20CO2%20Budget.ipynb)

### 3. Material Balances ###
* [Solving Set of Linear Equations](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Solving%20Set%20of%20Linear%20Equations.ipynb)
* [Solving Material Balances using SymPy](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Solving%20Material%20Balances%20using%20SymPy.ipynb)

### 4. Reactors ###
* [Steam Reforming of Methane](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Steam%20Reforming%20of%20Methane.ipynb)

### 5. Separations ###
* [Vapor-Liquid Equilibrium for Pure Components](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Vapor-Liquid%20Equilibrium%20for%20a%20Pure%20Component.ipynb)
* [Raoult's Law](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Raoult's%20Law.ipynb)

### 6. Energy Balances ###
* [Adiabatic Flame Temperature](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/Adiabatic%20Flame%20Temperature.ipynb)

### 7. Projects ###
* [West Virginia Chemical Spill](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/jckantor/CBE20255/blob/master/notebooks/West%20Virginia%20Chemical%20Spill.ipynb)

## Matlab Functions and Scripts ##
These Matlab files can be downloaded individually. Click on the filename to show the Matlab file in the browser, then `Save As..` in the browser File menu to save on your computer.

| m-file| Description |
| :---: | :--- |  
| [`adipic_acid_flowsheet.m`](https://raw.github.com/jckantor/CBE20255/master/matlab/adipic_acid_flowsheet.m) | Solving material balances for the production of adipic acid from glucose, Example 2.15 from the Murphy textbook. | 
| [`displaytable.m`](https://raw.github.com/jckantor/CBE20255/master/matlab/displaytable.m) | Format a matrix as a table with optional row and column labels, and optional export to plain text, latex, html, or csv output. Used to format output from many of the example scripts.|  
| [`molweight.m`](https://raw.github.com/jckantor/CBE20255/master/matlab/molweight.m) | Given a string representing a chemical formula, calculate the molecular weight of a species.|
