Title:	CBE 20255: Homework 02
Author:	CBE 20255
Affiliation:	University of Notre Dame
Base Header Level:	2

<script type="text/x-mathjax-config">
    MathJax.Hub.Config({
        extensions: ["tex2jax.js"],
        jax: ["input/TeX","output/HTML-CSS"],
        tex2jax: {
            inlineMath: [["\\(","\\)"]]
        }
    });
</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../Mathjax/MathJax.js"> </script>

# CBE 20255: Homework 02 #
Due: Wed., January 29, 2014

**Problem 1.** Automobile airbags are designed to protect occupants in the event of front and side impact crashes. 
The bags are inflated with nitrogen generated by the explosive decomposition of sodium azide. 
\\[2\, NaN_{3}\longrightarrow 2\, Na+3\, N_{2}\\]
Highly reactive sodium would be a hazard at a crash site. 
A clever piece of chemical engineering is to add potassium nitrate (\\(KNO_{3}\\)) and silica (\\(SiO_{2}\\)) to the airbag which react with \\(Na\\) though the following balanced reactions.
\\[10\, Na+2\, KNO_{3} \longrightarrow K_{2}O+5\, Na_{2}O +N_{2}\\]
\\[K_{2}O+5\, Na_{2}O+SiO_{2}	\longrightarrow Glass\\]
With proper design of the initial charge, one can avoid the net production of sodium with the added benefit of generating further nitrogen. 

(a) Perform a generation consumption analysis to determine a process stoichiometry that avoids the net production of \\(Na\\), \\({2}O\\), or \\(K_{2}O\\). Show your work, including the stoichiometric matrix and the final net stoichiometry.

(b) 98 grams of \\(N_{2}\\) are needed to fill a typical airbag. Specify (in grams) the required amount of sodium azide, potassium nitrate, and silica to be loaded into the airbag.

**Problem 2.** Murphy, Problem P1.28.

**Problem 3.** Murphy, Problem P1.30. 

**Problem 4.** Murphy, Problem P1.42. This is an involved problem that will take time to complete, so get an early start. For this problem (and this problem only) feel free to work with a partner. If you do, you should both submit solutions (even if identical), and indicate who you worked with.







