<script type="text/x-mathjax-config">
    MathJax.Hub.Config({
        extensions: ["tex2jax.js"],
        jax: ["input/TeX","output/HTML-CSS"],
        tex2jax: {
            inlineMath: [["\\(","\\)"]]
        }
    });
</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../Mathjax/MathJax.js"> </script>

# CBE 20255: Homework 01 #
Due: Wed., January 22, 2014

**Problem 1.** Refer to the notes for Wednesday, January 15th. Suppose you need to produce one ton (2000 lbs) of polylactide. What is the required amount of lactic acid? How much by-product water will be produced?

**Problem 2.** Murphy, Problem P1.4.  

**Problem 3.** Murphy Problem P1.18. We'll define atom efficiency in Monday's lecture. The atom efficiency is the fraction of mass in the reactants that ends up in the desired product. 

**Problem 4.** One tablet of TUMS Dual Action (a product of GlaxoSmithKline) contains 800mg of calcium carbonate.  Diet Sierra Mist (a product of Coca-Cola) has about 2.02mg of citric acid per ml.  How many TUMS are required to neutralize a 16oz bottle of Diet Sierra Mist?  (Write a simple Matlab script to do this calculation.)

**Problem 5.** Murphy, Problem 1.20. Ignore the last sentence regarding the net consumption of water.

**Problem 6.** Hypergolic reactions are `energetic' reactions that occur spontaneously upon mixing of the reactants. As such, they are easy to regulate and therefore widely used in steering rockets for satellites and other spacecraft. The main engines of the Apollo lunar module, for example, used the reaction of unsymmetrical dimethylhydrazine (UDMH) (\\(C_{2}H_{8}N_{2}
 \\)) with nitrogen tetroxide (\\(N_{2}O_{4}
 \\)).  The unbalanced reaction is given by 
\\[C_{2}H_{8}N_{2}+N_{2}O_{4}\longrightarrow CO_{2}+N_{2}+H_{2}O\\]
 Find the stoichiometric coefficients to balance this reaction. Show the atomic matrix, the equations that must be satisfied by the stoichiometric coefficients, and the final balanced reaction.





